Islamic pre-school, Sunday school teachers to attend State of State address

(OLYMPIA, WA, 1/12/2016) - Later today, Islamic preschool coordinator Nihal Fahim and a local mosque Sunday school teacher Hikma Sherka will attend the ‘State of the State' address at 12 p.m. in the Washington State Capitol Building in Olympia, as guests of Governor Jay Inslee, and will be available for interviews immediately before and following the ‘State of the State' address. 

[NOTE: For interviews with Nihal or Hikma, CONTACT: CAIR-WA Executive Director Arsalan Bukhari, 206.931.3655, abukhari@cair.com They will be available for in-person interviews at the WA Capitol Building from 11:30 a.m. to 1:30 p.m., and by phone thereafter.]

Nihal Fahim is coordinator of the ‘Precious Hearts Pre-School Program' at the ‘Muslim Association of Puget Sound (MAPS), a mosque in Redmond, WA. She a U.S. citizen, registered voter and a married mom of 3 daughters who go to school in the Redmond area.  Hikma Sherka is also a U.S. citizen and registered voter. She is also a long-time Seattle resident, recent graduate of Cleveland High School, and a Sunday school teacher at a mosque in SeaTac, WA.

"American Muslims share our country's strong family values, dedicated to raising and educating their children," said Nihal Fahim. "American Muslims want to succeed in the traditional American way – by working hard and supporting our families. My husband Alaa and I love our kids and want to build a better future for them. We want them to grow up to be honest, hard-working, productive citizens, and proud Americans. We want them to grow up with strong Islamic morals and values, be productive citizens, and proud Americans," she said.

"My parents taught me Prophet Muhammad's teaching that Muslims, both women and men, should pursue high levels of education and that is why I worked hard to get into college and look forward to graduation soon," said Hikma Sherka.  "A 2009 Gallup Poll on American Muslims found that American Muslim women are the second most highly educated group of women in the U.S., and are just as likely as American Muslim men to have a college degree or higher education.  My mom and dad have worked hard to put food on the table for my brothers and sisters and me. I look forward to graduating college soon and using my education to serve those in need," she said.

According to the U.S. Department of Defense, over 10,000 American Muslims serve honorably in our nation's armed forces, and many have made the ultimate sacrifice for our country, including U.S. Army Specialist Kareem Khan, U.S. Army Major James Ahearn, U.S. Army Specialist Rasheed Sahib, and U.S. Army Captain Humayun Khan," said CAIR-WA Executive Director Arsalan Bukhari.  "American Muslims share the same American values and freedoms that we all cherish, knowing that we are all in this together, and uphold the Constitution and the laws of the United States," he said.

They added that at a time when religiously loaded news coverage and commentary along with anti-Muslim hate rhetoric from political leaders and candidates has resulted in an unprecedented nationwide spike in anti-Muslim hate crimes, Governor Jay Inslee's invitation to our state's Muslims to attend the ‘State of the State' address as his guests, sends a message to the public, especially to the thousands of American Muslim children growing up across our state, that they have the right to the same aspirations, hopes and dreams as every other young American.

CAIR is America's largest Muslim civil liberties and advocacy organization. Its mission is to enhance the understanding of Islam, encourage dialogue, protect civil liberties, empower American Muslims, and build coalitions that promote justice and mutual understanding.

- END –

For interviews with Nihal or Hikma, CONTACT: CAIR-WA Executive Director
